Fix use of generic target in runtime package dependencies (#23248)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/notes/2.32.x.md

When generating lockfiles, the new `python.resolves_to_uploaded_prior_to` option can be used to pass along [`--uploaded-prior-to`](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#filtering-by-upload-time).  This allows you to filter packages by their upload time to an index, only considering packages that were uploaded before a specified point in time.

> Including a generic `target` in the `runtime_package_dependencies` of `python_test` now correctly packages the transitive dependencies.

Reviewer: I don't think this is a matter of correctness - it's more that we moved the goalposts (to a hopefully better place). But I wouldn't classify the previous behavior as a bug, more as an over-literal interpretation of direct dependencies...

> Including a generic `target` in the `runtime_package_dependencies` of `python_test` now correctly packages the transitive dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `runtime_package_dependencies` of `python_test` now traverse generic `target`s used for dependency aggregation.
```
